Summary of a book or 
movie 
The Pursuit of Happyness 

This is a movie made in 2006 directed by Gabriele Muccino 
and starred by will smith. This movie is about an adult who 
rose from a lowest point in his life. The main lead starts a 
business selling portable bone density scanners which cost a 
lot and work a little better than X-rays. He puts his all savings 
in this and they don/t manage to sell well. He becomes 
bankrupt and financial issues rise. Right then he decides to 
take an exam to become an unpaid intern at company. His 
wife does not agree with him and as the financial situation 
continues going down she decides to leave him along with his 
son to work at a restaurant run by her sister/s boyfriend.being 
abandoned by father and raised by a single mother the main 
lead doesn/t agree to this and tells her that he will look after 
their son. 
Here I don/t think what the woman did is wrong...in my 
opinion it is natural for everyone to want to lead a comfortable 
and wealthy life. As being a married person the financial 
situation of both husband and wife are always interlinked. The 
main lead doesn/t manage to run the house and on top of that 
proposes to pursue his dream of working as a stockbroker 
which puts more pressure on her to earn. She is already 
working extra shifts at work and trying to take care of their 
son and her days go by without any entertainment. Its natural 
for anyone to feel frustrated beyond a point and want to start 
a new life for themselves.
Shortly after she left, the house owner kicks him out for not 
paying the rent and he starts living in a motel with his son. He 
manages to pass the interview and also goes bankrupt for not 
paying parking lots. He then starts to work in the morning to 
5pm and then stand in line at a place to find a shelter to sleep 
at night for his kid. He manages to connect with some rich 
people and make some transactions. He also earns some 
money by selling those portable bone density scanners, which 
starts making his life easier. He manages to study for the last 
exam and score well and finally secures the long-term job.
This movie is about the struggle of a man at a very low stage, 
how he went through many hardships to pursue his dream. 
He staked everything on his goal without any back-up plans 
and luckily managed to succeed. He must had been through a 
lot of pressure both emotionally and physically to reach his 
point. He must had felt bad for not being able to find a roof for 
his son and having to fight for $19 that he gave to his 
neighbour and also with his wife leaving him. He must had 
been very exhausted by working twice as hard as others in 
the day to meet the deadline in the mornings and then rushing 
to pick-up his son from daycare and then standing in the line 
to sleep in a secure place. He also manages to find time to 
sell those costly scanners. 
Review of short films Value 
Education 
 
Life is easy. Why do we make it so hard? - Jon 
Jandai 
In this video, the speaker shared his life experience about how he made 
his life harder listening to others and how he changed his life style into 
something simpler and self-sufficient. He is from a small village in 
Thailand, not from a rich family(they couldn/t afford a TV and was 
considered poor by neighbours). People around suggested that to have a 
happy life one must have success and for that he should go to 
Bangkok(nearby city) and work hard. This is the common assumption 
that many people carry- success is to have a modern life where anything 
is affordable- they think this gives happiness. So he took on their advise 
and went to Bangkok and worked there for 8 hours a day. Inspire of the 
handwork, he was not able to afford a comfortable life. After spending 7 
years there he returned to his homeland. There he started growing in a 
half-acre land and made enough to feed 6-member family and plus had 
extra to sell in the market. He built a house with clay bricks by himself. 
He also took care of his health by using basic methods including clean 
water and earth. He felt fashion was not a necessary thing, so he decided 
to use simple clothes. Therefore we can conclude that life is easy, its we 
who make it difficult thinking too much about success and status and 
linking them to a happy life. The speaker proved that even a person with 
average intelligence can life a happy life, all it takes is to make good use 
of the nature itself. 
Right Here, Right Now (Indian) 
The short film is based on the saying-what you do, comes back to you.
In the part-I, a person refuses to eat food cooked by his mother, angering 
her. She vents her anger on the maid who in turn vents on her daughter. 
She vents on an auto driver(probably fiancee) who vents on a kid skating 
on the road. He freeloads a coconut vendor who vents on a customer. He 
is supposed to take a 12 rupees coconut for his superior, but he takes 10 
rupees one angering the boss who fires him instead. He takes his 
frustration on his nephew and delaying him from attending the 
appointment on time. Because of the the nephew drives rashly and runs 
over the first person who refused eat the food cooked by his mother.
In the part-II, the same person before leaving appreciates his brother for 
a drawing that he drew. This makes him happy and gifts the drawing to 
his girlfriend which makes her happy. She shared her happiness with her 
father who shared it with the driver by giving him leave and some money 
for the sweets for the drivers daughters birthday. The driver let a kid by 
the sweet shop rent a bicycle sharing his happiness with him. The kid 
helped a granny carry a heavy can up the stairs to her apartment. The 
grannys grand daughter was getting forced to marry a person chosen by 
her father though she liked someone else. The granny grants her 
permission to elope with her lover. While the lover was waiting for her the 
accident took place(in part-I our first person gets run by a car). He ( the 
lover) being a person related to medical department saves him and 
carries (probably) him to the hospital.
This shows that the feeling get passed on, we always share what we 
have either good or bad. Therefore it is always better to shared positive 
things. 